Home - 

About Us 

What we do 

Gallery 

Contact us 


Home 

"picture of one design" 

Ubarn elements comes from urbanisation of your home with better quality and better standard of living. 
To Recreate the art and shaping cities and towns by giving them form and character. 
We are a simple unit and we look forward to be combined into more complex whole o an urban quarter or city. 
We make sure to give the best cost with the best quality of furniture, beautiful designs that are breathetaking to look at and the best premium lifestyle. 


About us 

Our goal is to achieve the sub par standard of living and making our home as beautiful as our soul. We ensure that you get all the things that you ask for starting from your wall paint till your furniture. We expertise in designing modern residents, commercial sites and hospitality. 

What do we do 

We transform grids and lines into a artform of urbanisation which is cities. We include modern technologies and new innovations  into our artform which is a 100% satisfaction to the customer. 

Avinash Dhavan - 
Starting up as an interior designer has it own perks. You get to meet various people with their creativity and which helps us with the growth, we believe in quality over quantity so that our customer satisfaction is 100% this way we know how we manage our projects and help our clients transform their houses to beautiful homes. 

Khyati Shah - 
Managing and handling project is a part of work which eventually leads to getting in clients and more references. Our office environment is such that no employee has to worry about their leaves, any emergencies and their problems because we are here to help them all.

Gallery 

Pictures and videos of work done 

Contact us 

Name
Email 
Phone number 
location 

Also the layout should be in brown, lightbrown, sandal colors and white.

Testimonals
The experience was amazing as you can clearly vision what you want for your house. Save my time and gave me more clarity and customer service is amazing. 
- Bhavna Shah
From creating the perfect layout to finding pieces I absolutely loved, my designer really took my space to the next level. I never dreamed my home could look – and feel – this good!
- Gayatri Ahuja
This was super fun and easy! They were so helpful every step of the way. I can’t wait to redo my room!
- Vineeta Patel
We were certain about some pieces going in and not about others so it was great to trouble shoot with someone. Great design came out and we are ready to go!
- Nitin Gupta
Overall great experience. Thank you for the help!
- Dheeraj Patil